Replace occurences of the VAST Query Language with query-less naming wherever appropriate (#2959)
tenzir/vast: web/blog/vast-v3.0/index.md

We've made some breaking changes to the the **VAST** **Q**uery **L**anguage
that we've wanted to do for a long time. Here's a summary:

> 1. We simplified the VASTQL naming: The VAST Query Language is now the VAST
>    Language, and "VAST" will supercede the "VASTQL" abbreviation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. We removed the term VASTQL: The VAST Query Language is now simply
   the VAST language, and "VAST" will supersede the "VASTQL" abbreviation.
```
